hello friends and xbox live codes
welcome this new video in which
Well, I have come to talk a little about
event of the three in which it will be
presenting microsoft with your new
xbox one console we already have a date
exact which will be from 11 to 13
of June
for all those who did not know the
date here the date is confirmed
on the official e3 page in addition to
which is also revealed a
alleged list that has leaked sorry
which shows the titles that
will present both on the xbox one console
like playstation 4 kakina to thrips and
we will leave the links of the same
from the list of this great state of
games you can see it will be
showing strength 5 in fifa 14
destiny one of the most anticipated
also this sniper elite 3 among others
more master games is 4 even
they have also marked the year of
launch for all those who
have doubts of both companies both
xbox one and playstation 4 there's the
great list that will be presented in the
of three of his games
well that would be practically all not
abuse before this mention that
regarding the company of epic games
has confirmed its presence for
attend the event but in 3
list does not appear any new game that
are going to launch for 2014 and for this
year 2013, nothing is seen regarding a
George 4 but because many believe that
I was going to present how the wars of
pendulum that is one of the most anticipated
of gears of war but nothing is
confirmed for the moment in e3
about a new epic for all
those who were wondering good
listing will be in the description
you will simply have to open the
link and you can see all that will be
presented
what a great state of both
xbox one but it should be clarified that those of
playstation 4 will present you even more
games of the usual
well it will be practically everything I'm not going
without first telling them to subscribe if
still they have not done dale I like to
video comment leave me your opinion of the
of three what games do you guys expect and
happen to this facebook
that I am recommending that you asked me
friend that if I could recommend it for
all the fans of hair software
because they are simply going up some
gallery of art images concepts of
art for all those fans
follow software go through this page
of facebook will also be in the
description to give you I like good will be
practically everything